README.md, before:

<div align="center">
	<h1>I-LLAMA Datapack Collections</h1>
	<h4>A datapack for everyone! 📦</h4>
<a href="https://ibb.co/x8RzdnCS"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/R4VQdXvp/LLama5.png" alt="LLama5" border="0" height=250 width=auto></a>
</div>

---

**Table of Contents**

* [🌟 About This Collection](#-about-this-collection)
* [🚀 Getting Started](#-getting-started)
    * [Installation & Usage](#installation--usage)
* [📦 Available Datapacks](#-available-datapacks)
* [🤝 Contributing](#-contributing)
* [📄 License](#-license)
* [📧 Contact & Support](#-contact--support)
* [🙏 Acknowledgements](#-acknowledgements)

---

## 🌟 About This Collection

Welcome to the `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections` repository! This repository serves as a centralized hub for a growing selection of high-quality Minecraft datapacks, meticulously crafted and curated to enhance your gameplay experience.

Our goal is to provide reliable, well-documented, and innovative datapacks that seamlessly integrate into your Minecraft worlds, offering new mechanics, optimizations, and fun features without the need for traditional mods.

**Key Features of This Collection:**

* **Diverse Functionality:** From quality-of-life improvements to new gameplay systems.
* **Easy to Install:** Simple drag-and-drop installation into your Minecraft world saves.
* **Regular Updates:** Datapacks are maintained and updated for compatibility with the latest Minecraft versions.
* **Open Source:** Transparent development and community-friendly where applicable.

## 🚀 Getting Started

Getting these datapacks into your Minecraft world is straightforward!

### Installation & Usage

1.  **Download the Datapack:**
    * Navigate to the [📦 Available Datapacks](#-available-datapacks) section below.
    * Find the datapack you wish to use.
    * Click on its name to find its `.zip` file, or navigate directly to the root of this repository.
    * Download the specific datapack `.zip` file you need (e.g., `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - Woodwork.zip`). **Do NOT unzip it yet!**

2.  **Locate Your Minecraft Save Folder:**
    * **Windows:** Press `Win + R`, type `%appdata%\.minecraft\saves`, and press Enter.
    * **macOS:** Open Finder, press `Cmd + Shift + G`, type `~/Library/Application Support/minecraft/saves`, and press Enter.
    * **Linux:** Go to `~/.minecraft/saves`.

3.  **Find Your World Folder:** Inside the `saves` folder, navigate to the specific world where you want to install the datapack.

4.  **Open the `datapacks` Folder:** Inside your chosen world folder, you should see a folder named `datapacks`. If it doesn't exist, create it (make sure the name is exactly `datapacks` in lowercase).

5.  **Place the Datapack:** Drag and drop the downloaded `.zip` file (e.g., `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - Woodwork.zip`) directly into the `datapacks` folder. Minecraft reads `.zip` files directly, so **do not unzip the datapack itself.**

6.  **Load/Reload in Minecraft:**
    * If your world is already open, run the command `/datapack enable "file/<datapack_name>"` (replace `<datapack_name>` with the name of the datapack, e.g., `woodwork`), or simply `/reload` (you need to be an operator to run these commands).
    * If you're starting the world, the datapack should be automatically recognized.

## 📦 Available Datapacks

Below is a list of all datapacks available in this collection, along with their descriptions, creators, and versions.

*(Note: For direct download, you will need to browse the repository files and download the specific `.zip` file. The "Download Link" column is a placeholder for potential future direct links.)*

| Datapack Name | Authors               | Desciption                                                                                                                | Vesion | Download Link   |
|---------------|-----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|-----------------|
| Woodwork      | Sur Gaming On Insulin | This datapack enables the stonecutter to be used as a saw table for wood,<br>allowing for more efficient wood processing. | 1.0.0  | [Download](https://github.com/surgamingoninsulin/I-LLAMA_Datapack_Collections/raw/refs/heads/main/Collections/I-LLAMA%20Datapack%20Collections%20-%20Woodwork.zip) |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to the I-LLAMA Datapack Collections! If you have an idea for a new datapack, an improvement to an existing one, or found a bug, please follow these steps:

1.  **Fork** this repository.
1.  **Fork** this repository.
2.  **Create a new branch** for your feature or bug fix (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name` or `fix/bug-description`).
3.  **Develop** your datapack or changes.
4.  **Test** thoroughly in Minecraft.
5.  **Add your datapack** (as a `.zip` file) to the **`Collections/`** directory within the repository, adhering to the naming convention: `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - <datapack name>.zip`.
6.  **Update the `content_list.yml`** file in the root directory with your new datapack's information.
7.  **Commit your changes** (`git commit -m "feat: Add new datapack: YourDatapackName"`).
8.  **Push your branch** (`git push origin feature/your-feature-name`).
9.  **Create a Pull Request (PR)** to the `main` branch of this repository. Provide a clear description of your changes.


## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License, Version 3 (GPL-3.0)**.

You can find the full text of the license in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository, or read it online at the [GNU website](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

This license ensures your freedom to share and change this software. If you distribute copies of this software, or if you modify it, you must pass on the same freedoms to the recipients and provide access to the source code under the same license terms.

*(Note: Individual datapacks within this collection are also subject to the GPL-3.0 license unless explicitly stated otherwise within their own `.zip` file's documentation.)*

## 📧 Contact & Support

If you have any questions, feedback, or need support with a datapack, feel free to:

* [Open an issue](https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/I-LLAMA-Datapack-Collections/issues/new/choose) on this GitHub repository.
* Contact Sur Gaming On Insulin (replace with your preferred contact method, e.g., Discord, Twitter, email if comfortable sharing).

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

* All contributors to this datapack collection.
* The wider Minecraft community for continuous inspiration and support.
* Mojang Studios for creating Minecraft!

---

Commit message:

updated again due to errors
added datapack url for Woodwork

added new datapack Lava Source Conversion (not sure about that name!)

datapacl lit:
Woodwork - 1.0.0
Lava Source Conversion - 1.0.0

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
	<h1>I-LLAMA Datapack Collections</h1>
	<h4>A datapack for everyone! 📦</h4>
<a href="https://ibb.co/x8RzdnCS"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/R4VQdXvp/LLama5.png" alt="LLama5" border="0" height=250 width=auto></a>
</div>

---

**Table of Contents**

* [🌟 About This Collection](#-about-this-collection)
* [🚀 Getting Started](#-getting-started)
    * [Installation & Usage](#installation--usage)
* [📦 Available Datapacks](#-available-datapacks)
* [🤝 Contributing](#-contributing)
* [📄 License](#-license)
* [📧 Contact & Support](#-contact--support)
* [🙏 Acknowledgements](#-acknowledgements)

---

## 🌟 About This Collection

Welcome to the `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections` repository! This repository serves as a centralized hub for a growing selection of high-quality Minecraft datapacks, meticulously crafted and curated to enhance your gameplay experience.

Our goal is to provide reliable, well-documented, and innovative datapacks that seamlessly integrate into your Minecraft worlds, offering new mechanics, optimizations, and fun features without the need for traditional mods.

**Key Features of This Collection:**

* **Diverse Functionality:** From quality-of-life improvements to new gameplay systems.
* **Easy to Install:** Simple drag-and-drop installation into your Minecraft world saves.
* **Regular Updates:** Datapacks are maintained and updated for compatibility with the latest Minecraft versions.
* **Open Source:** Transparent development and community-friendly where applicable.

## 🚀 Getting Started

Getting these datapacks into your Minecraft world is straightforward!

### Installation & Usage

1.  **Download the Datapack:**
    * Navigate to the [📦 Available Datapacks](#-available-datapacks) section below.
    * Find the datapack you wish to use.
    * Click on its name to find its `.zip` file, or navigate directly to the root of this repository.
    * Download the specific datapack `.zip` file you need (e.g., `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - Woodwork.zip`). **Do NOT unzip it yet!**

2.  **Locate Your Minecraft Save Folder:**
    * **Windows:** Press `Win + R`, type `%appdata%\.minecraft\saves`, and press Enter.
    * **macOS:** Open Finder, press `Cmd + Shift + G`, type `~/Library/Application Support/minecraft/saves`, and press Enter.
    * **Linux:** Go to `~/.minecraft/saves`.

3.  **Find Your World Folder:** Inside the `saves` folder, navigate to the specific world where you want to install the datapack.

4.  **Open the `datapacks` Folder:** Inside your chosen world folder, you should see a folder named `datapacks`. If it doesn't exist, create it (make sure the name is exactly `datapacks` in lowercase).

5.  **Place the Datapack:** Drag and drop the downloaded `.zip` file (e.g., `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - Woodwork.zip`) directly into the `datapacks` folder. Minecraft reads `.zip` files directly, so **do not unzip the datapack itself.**

6.  **Load/Reload in Minecraft:**
    * If your world is already open, run the command `/datapack enable "file/<datapack_name>"` (replace `<datapack_name>` with the name of the datapack, e.g., `woodwork`), or simply `/reload` (you need to be an operator to run these commands).
    * If you're starting the world, the datapack should be automatically recognized.

## 📦 Available Datapacks

Below is a list of all datapacks available in this collection, along with their descriptions, creators, and versions.

*(Note: For direct download, you will need to browse the repository files and download the specific `.zip` file. The "Download Link" column is a placeholder for potential future direct links.)*

| Datapack Name | Authors               | Desciption                                                                                                                | Vesion | Download Link   |
|---------------|-----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|-----------------|
| Woodwork      | Sur Gaming On Insulin | This datapack enables the stonecutter to be used as a saw table for wood,<br>allowing for more efficient wood processing. | 1.0.0  | [Download](https://github.com/surgamingoninsulin/I-LLAMA_Datapack_Collections/raw/refs/heads/main/Collections/I-LLAMA%20Datapack%20Collections%20-%20Woodwork.zip) |
| Lava Source Conversion      | Sur Gaming On Insulin | This datapack enables the lava to work as water. | 1.0.0  | (Comming Soon!) |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to the I-LLAMA Datapack Collections! If you have an idea for a new datapack, an improvement to an existing one, or found a bug, please follow these steps:

1.  **Fork** this repository.
1.  **Fork** this repository.
2.  **Create a new branch** for your feature or bug fix (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name` or `fix/bug-description`).
3.  **Develop** your datapack or changes.
4.  **Test** thoroughly in Minecraft.
5.  **Add your datapack** (as a `.zip` file) to the **`Collections/`** directory within the repository, adhering to the naming convention: `I-LLAMA Datapack Collections - <datapack name>.zip`.
6.  **Update the `content_list.yml`** file in the root directory with your new datapack's information.
7.  **Commit your changes** (`git commit -m "feat: Add new datapack: YourDatapackName"`).
8.  **Push your branch** (`git push origin feature/your-feature-name`).
9.  **Create a Pull Request (PR)** to the `main` branch of this repository. Provide a clear description of your changes.


## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License, Version 3 (GPL-3.0)**.

You can find the full text of the license in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository, or read it online at the [GNU website](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

This license ensures your freedom to share and change this software. If you distribute copies of this software, or if you modify it, you must pass on the same freedoms to the recipients and provide access to the source code under the same license terms.

*(Note: Individual datapacks within this collection are also subject to the GPL-3.0 license unless explicitly stated otherwise within their own `.zip` file's documentation.)*

## 📧 Contact & Support

If you have any questions, feedback, or need support with a datapack, feel free to:

* [Open an issue](https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/I-LLAMA-Datapack-Collections/issues/new/choose) on this GitHub repository.
* Contact Sur Gaming On Insulin (replace with your preferred contact method, e.g., Discord, Twitter, email if comfortable sharing).

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

* All contributors to this datapack collection.
* The wider Minecraft community for continuous inspiration and support.
* Mojang Studios for creating Minecraft!

---
